# 1. What does a doctype do?

- The DOCTYPE declaration is an instruction to the web browser about what version of HTML the page is written in. This ensures that the web page is parsed the same way by different web browsers.

# 2. How do you serve a page with content in multiple languages?

- To change the language, just simply set the lang attribute. We can define it anywhere in the document, such as in the body, in the paragraph, in the heading, or in the span tag. But the best practice is to set the lang in the span tag.

```html
<p>
  We can use different languages in the HTML document simply by defining the
  "lang" property
</p>

<p>French " <span lang="fr">Bonjour</span> "</p>
<p>Spanish " <span lang="es">Hola</span> "</p>
<p>Hindi " <span lang="hi">नमस्ते</span> "</p>
```

# 3. What are data- attributes good for?

- data- attributes allow us to store extra information on standard, semantic HTML elements without other hacks such as non-standard attributes, or extra properties on DOM.

```html
<ul>
  <li data-animal-type="bird">Owl</li>
  <li data-animal-type="fish">Salmon</li>
  <li data-animal-type="spider">Tarantula</li>
</ul>
```

# 4. Difference Between HTML and HTML5

- A hypertext markup language (HTML) is the primary language for developing web pages. HTML5 is a new version of HTML with new functionalities with markup language with Internet technologies. Language in HTML does not have support for video and audio. HTML5 supports both video and audio.
  Also HTML5 have semantic elements.

# 5. Difference between cookies , localStorage and SessionStorgae .

- https://codeburst.io/clearing-your-front-end-job-interview-html-706f8b2c7dca

# 6. SRCSET in IMG tag .

- https://medium.com/@antrp93/why-you-would-use-a-srcset-attribute-in-an-image-tag-3829f3b3af90

# 7. What are the use of MetaTag.

- Meta Tag is majorly used to show data about data . It is majorly placed into the header of the
  html . Ex - it is used to know the viewport , it is used to know about author language etc.
